of the things that I've seen people spend their reenlistment bonuses on
that have worked out well has been them taking that money and invest
in themselves and investing in into some sort of financial vehicle
whether that be mutual funds stocks are just a savings account the
ones that I've seen take that nice large reenlistment bonus and go
out by the most fanciest car or new TV or some sort of other tangible
object that's going to immediately lose value the second you drive
it off the lot for the second that you leave the store with it that
hasn't worked out great for them the folks that have actually taken
that money and then good stewards with that and that bonus input in
in some sort of financial vehicle to make that money grow in the long
run they it's worked out better for them